### [Generative Agents: Interactive Simulacra of Human Behavior](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.03442)

> How we can create a virtual society. However, this research is not concerned with an individual’s characteristics. Their research gap: However, the space of human behavior is vast and complex [85, 108]. Despite striking progress in large language models [18] that can simulate human behavior at a single time point [39,80], fully general agents that ensure long-term coherence would be better suited by architectures that manage constantly-growing memories as new interactions, conflicts, and events arise and fade over time while handling cascading social dynamics that unfold between multiple agents. Success requires an approach that can retrieve relevant events and interactions over a long period, reflect on those memories to generalize and draw higher-level inferences, and apply that reasoning to create plans and reactions that make sense in the moment and in the longer-term arc of the agent’s behavior.



### Metaagents: Simulating Interactions of Human Behaviors for LLM-Based Task-Oriented Coordination via Collaborative Generative Agents

abstract

> Significant advancements have occurred in the application of Large Language Models (LLMs) for various tasks and social simulations. Despite this, their capacities to coordinate within task-oriented social contexts are under-explored. Such capabilities are crucial if LLMs are to effectively mimic human-like social behavior and produce meaningful results. To bridge this gap, we introduce collaborative generative agents, endowing LLM-based Agents with consistent behavior patterns and task-solving abilities. We situate these agents in a simulated job fair environment as a case study to scrutinize their coordination skills. We propose a novel framework that equips collaborative generative agents with human-like reasoning abilities and specialized skills. Our evaluation demonstrates that these agents show promising performance. However, we also uncover limitations that hinder their effectiveness in more complex coordination tasks. Our work provides valuable insights into the role and evolution of LLMs in task-oriented social simulations.